# New cybercrime attack and defense technology research

Author: Wind Up

# Foreword

Hello, I'm Windy. This is a penetration study of a new type of cybercrime, different from the regular penetration testing tasks, the main core for this type of site is not to find out as many security risks, but more focused on the concept of **data**. It is worth noting that the data here more often refers to: ** agent identity **, ** background administrator identity **, ** victim information **, ** background data **, ** consumer credentials ** and other information. In general, all the data extraction is to better implement the identity information of gang members.

So whether it's fishing in puddles after gaining access or extracting information after getting database access or extracting mirror data operations are based on this foundation. In this article, we will explain some of the precautions to be taken when infiltrating this type of crime site in an in-depth manner, and hope that it will help the security personnel who are focusing on this issue.

**This article is for security research only, do not break the law **.

# Attacks to recognize

The following is a common betting site, first we can make an inventory of the functions of this type of site.

! [](. /images/1.png)

First of all, from the online customer service here, generally speaking, betting fraud sites are using **Meichai customer service system ** more, but also because of its security, easy to deploy the sake of the majority of developers of this type of site used. Currently speaking, for the customer service system feel no loopholes, so usually use phishing to break through the customer service port, and often for a certain scale of gangs, their ** customer service and financial ** usually the same business team, so in the past penetration found that there are often a large number of victims on its customer service machine information and subordinate agent information, here we can focus on attention to the way to phishing! The way to break through the customer service port often have unexpected gains, after all, wherever ** people are always the biggest loophole **.

The first thing you need to do is to get a good deal of information about the victim and the next agent. [](. /images/2.png)

For this type of site penetration experienced master, you can directly judge through the customer service style, of course, you can also match the keywords through the front-end code for a more accurate judgment of the target customer service system.

Often this type of betting sites are used in a mobile APP as the main way, so in the process of rapid penetration we can prioritize the decompilation of the audit to see if there is some sensitive information in the target APP, such as the extraction of URLs to broaden the front, access to AK/SK control cloud servers. Often in the extraction of sensitive information in the APP there will be unexpected joy, the following figure for a penetration of some sensitive information extracted from the target.

! [](. /images/3.png)

Online there are a lot of sensitive information automatically extracted tools, here I use more is **ApkAnalyser**, of course, the GA department also has specialized equipment for the extraction, the nature of the work of different resources that can be used are not the same.

For some of the code ability of the master, you can also directly through the decompile APK package audit code, looking for sensitive information, of course, here is established in the APP did not add shell and other means of protection on the basis.

! [](. /images/4.png)

Usually, for keywords that need to be focused on such as **Password**, **id**, **accessKeyId**, **Username**, **accessKeySecret**, **mysql**, **redis** and so on, here is based on the attacker's understanding of the **sensitivity** concept to do the extraction operation.

As shown in the figure above, for a penetration of the target, the target AK/SK credentials through APP decompilation, and learned that the OSS service for aliyun vendors, geographical Hong Kong. So directly get to the OSS service permissions, and through the aliyun API command execution on-line C2. of course, OSS object storage is also a point we need to pay attention to, usually for the sake of convenience, the victim's information will be uploaded to the OSS service.

Specifically through the AK/SK to Aliyun server command operations will not repeat, interested partners can check the following link to use on their own.

Aliyun API: https://api.aliyun.com/#/?product=Ecs&version=2014-05-26&api=RunCommand&tab=DEMO&lang=JAVA

## Memorize an interesting infiltration process

! [](. /images/16.png)

The entire attack process is roughly as shown above, a simple mind map.

The case is also a large-scale betting target, through the preliminary information collection and penetration work, the main site of the betting site did not take any results, but in the test of the customer service system, through the exchange of their customer service personnel know that the betting platform players are using internal self-developed chat tools to communicate (but also to avoid the GA department of the forensics approach). So we will shift the battle line to the chat system, in the chat system download page found that the target uses the Apche Shiro framework, so it is very smooth to play a wave of smooth to take the rights, but the host for tomcatuser privileges lower, and found that there is no other service, only to provide the role of the download, in short, there is no special gains, so continue to broaden the battle line.

! [](. /images/17.png)

Here according to the Title of the target page as a feature, quickly extracted 52 results, and after survivability verification and penetration, a total of more than 20 hosts to take the rights, of course, there is a very interesting little Tips, is that these sites are not set in stone, some pages in the default page does not exist in Shiro, but access to a specific login page under the Shiro framework. Shiro framework appears, this also has to do with shiro configuration routing reasons.

When we cleaned up after taking down a number of servers, we found that a few servers had root privileges, and a quick scan of the intranet using fscan revealed that a number of mysql, redis, oracle, and other services were open on IPs in the intranet. The intranet uses a large number of reverse proxies, and a number of public IPs point to the same intranet servers after taking down privileges. Among them, actually also deployed JumpServer bastion machine, I have to say, this target is really something, usually the bastion machine is also for centralized management of servers to prepare. But unfortunately, through the previously exposed JumpServer RCE vulnerability was not exploited successfully.

Continuing our audit of the configuration files on these servers, we found the password to the Mysql/redis database.

! [](. /images/18.png)

Here the privileges were gained by password reuse by writing SSH KEYs to the hosts on the intranet that were using the redis database, and all had root privileges. Continue to use the obtained mysql password, successfully logged into multiple intranet databases, because I am using IceScorpion to manage webshell permissions, so I use its database management function to test the connectivity. Here we need to proxy out the ports, in fact, there is no difficulty here, because its internal firewall rules for some port restrictions, so we can only through the 80 and other ports into the network. Here I am using Neo-Regeorg forward proxy for HTTP traffic. But it's a bit slow. Later, using NPS to listen on port 80 works just as well.

Through the database forensics, found the main site customer service system, background management system login passwords, including the organization operated by other gaming site backstage management, which is also a surprise.

! [](. /image/19.png)

And when the online forensics were basically complete, in the spirit of carefulness, I once again took stock of the permissions taken. To my surprise, I found one host that was a Windows Server host, but was unable to write to the memory horse. At this point the Webshell on github was downloaded remotely via certutil to gain access.

! [](. /images/20.png)

After analyzing and auditing the server, it is not difficult to see that this is the gang of technicians of the operation and maintenance of the machine, which stores a large amount of server-related data, using the information above we can harvest services at a deep level, and lifting rights. Using the host of the above SecureCRT management, read a wave of SecureCRT management passwords, successful access to the betting site master site permissions, so the whole line of penetration is complete.

The reason why we can take this operation and maintenance machine, undoubtedly there is a component of luck, if their technicians do not deploy the same existence of vulnerabilities in the download page service, will not find the hidden operation and maintenance of the host.

As for the real penetration, more about the understanding of the attack, as well as knowledge of the flexible combination of utilization. The actual attack is really not as smooth sailing as the above. Here the author of the whole process of penetration of the basic reduction, some of the other branches of the penetration details are not mentioned, mainly around the final get the rights of the master site to explain, and will be stepped on in the middle of the pit omitted, try to let the reader read a little more comfortable.

! [](. /images/21.jpg)

I remember working on this until after 1:00 AM, and taking pictures to remember it~

# Quickly correlate goals

I believe that most of the work business target for betting site partners, will be confused by such a problem, that is, how to correlate the sites of the same organization gang problem. Yes, in the vast majority of cases, due to the betting gangs of the server site has ** target more **, ** correlation difficult **, ** low time limit ** and other characteristics. Often when we are researching and analyzing, the clues will be led everywhere. Often the information collected to the site within a few days of the failure to transfer the server. In response to such a problem, there are actually more efficient ways to associate target assets, before we introduce the following concepts.

**behavior **: different groups, may show basic unique characteristics, when we can get hold of this feature, then we can identify all the individuals in the group as far as possible, and these so-called behavioral characteristics of the cyberspace mapping in the performance of this device in the various port protocols of the banner features.

Here, we use **Kunyu (Kunyu)** to use the target certificate serial number as the behavioral characteristics associated with the match, you can see that the match to the six IP results, we learned that the six servers are using the HTTPS protocol, the use of Apache and the Nginx middleware, the server manufacturer used **simcentric** the Server (**New Horizon Interconnection (*Simcentric *), is Hong Kong's well-known large-scale Internet infrastructure service providers and idc service providers **), site Title title, and update time (update time helps to quickly confirm the target service's recent effective survival time).

**P.S. This article was written on 2021/10/13 , so you can see that the target service's most recent effective survival time distance for nearly three days. **

! [](. /images/5.png)

Based on the information obtained above, make further correlation results as follows.

! [](. /images/6.png)

Here further open services on a server for a deeper inventory, so as to prepare for the later infiltration, often for this type of site, thrifty fraud gangs will deploy multiple sites on a server, so often through the side to get the server permissions of the case of the tried-and-true. Sometimes the penetration of such fraudulent sites is not difficult, often than the competition is to collect the full range of information. Of course, for the rich and powerful betting gangs, it may be another set of system way, this piece of knowledge will be talked about below, we continue to see.

! [](. /images/7.jpg)

**Here we most often extract features like favicon icon hash code, HTTPS certificate serial number, front-end code snippet, service connection banner and so on. **So here we extract the target front-end JS code, which is also the most accurate way to write fingerprints with different degree of relevance and accuracy through different individual's understanding of the rule concept.

Here we extract `url: '/addons/active/xxxxx/saveuser.html'` as the fingerprint matching

! [](. /images/8.png)

A total of 116 results were found, most of them are Microsoft Cloud and Cloud Innovation Limited (Hong Kong) servers, and most of them are in China, here Kunyu displays the first 20 results by default.

To verify the accuracy, we accessed the IP address via https and found that the same code snippet exists in the code of the front-end page, and other parts of the code are exactly the same, so we can judge that this site is the same module as the original site.

! [](. /images/9.png)

Of course, it also supports multi-factor search, here intercepted two front-end code, found that the matching results for 108, multi-criteria matching will be more accurate! Here can not only be a combination between the front-end code, you can also use banner information, port information, ISPs and other information combinations, according to everyone's knowledge of the characteristics of the organization to write fingerprints can be, can be effectively associated with the site involved. **In short, the perception of data is important**.

! [](. /images/10.png)

In addition to the above mentioned way of correlation, can also be associated through the website favicon icon, here to a fake government website case cited, he used the national emblem style icon as the website favicon icon, but because of the icon after their modification, so it has the uniqueness, can be accurately associated with the website through the favicon icon. Associated with the entire network of all the use of the fake icon site, a total of 93 results.	

! [](. /images/12.png)

The favicon icon style as above, from the update time is not difficult to see, the gang from earlier has begun to do this piece of business. And most of the servers in the country, IDC is not the mainstream large manufacturers of cloud servers (more difficult to extract the server image), middleware services are the same, indicating that the domestic software development company should have a batch of domestic maintenance of servers for their servers. You can see that some of the servers also use HTTPS protocol, then we can use the use of certificate matching mentioned above for in-depth correlation information. **So far the gang forged the government website related server site a net. **



Data matched using Kunyu is automatically saved in Excel format for later use when organizing intelligence.

! [](. /images/11.png)

Above the use of **Kunyu (Kunyu)** on the research and analysis of crime-related sites, to solve the technical pain points associated with the site is difficult, so that the information collection work is more efficient, and I hope to be able to help you in your daily work of research and analysis.

For the thinking of the data involved in the site, in fact, more often than not, we want to sort out the **Organizational structure**, **Personnel relations**, which is the core issue. I always think that the data is there, he contains a lot of information, as for what information we can get from different data, but also depends on the research and analysis personnel for the cognition of the data, the process of traceability is also the process of data integration, often the intelligence is not placed there, but after careful analysis and intelligence relationships between the mutual corroboration of the obtained, which is the ability to study the traceability of personnel This is also the key to examine the ability of traceability personnel.

Similarly, for the GA department, the use of cyberspace mapping technology can also be applied to associate the server information of a certain group, blocking processing, in general, I think it is very appropriate for Kunyu to be used in the anti-fraud aspects of the work. In the past infiltration and research and analysis process, through Kunyu to obtain hidden assets to take down the permissions of the situation is very much. It is also possible to inventory the information of mapping data at a glance.

**We should give the data a soul, not just recognize the data, what can be done with it and what effect can be achieved, depending on how high the solution is perceived. **

** - The Wind Rises **

**Kunyu Donwload:** [Kunyu (坤舆) more efficient enterprise asset collection](https://github.com/knownsec/Kunyu/)

# Reflections on the concept of fingerprints

After obtaining server privileges, we often get as much information as possible about the background administrator by way of puddle attack, here I am in my daily work the most commonly used way is to insert a piece of XSS code in the administrator background login success location, of course, here can also be similar to the jsonp hijacking of the code snippet, is mainly used to obtain the administrator's The main purpose is to obtain the administrator's personal information. Here to insert the phishing code in its server code is also because of a ** trust ** problem, imagine for a less understanding of the security of the operation and maintenance staff to speak, if you send him a file to ask him to open, then the normal person is generally wary, but in its own website pop-up window, then the probability of going to the upward trust. This is where the core idea of puddle fishing lies.

Therefore, I have always believed that the process of social work is also the consideration of **people** this factor, the reason why the talent is the biggest security loophole, but also because it is our unpredictable factors, we can not judge a person's mind, but we can think differently, bring into the role to think about the problem is the best way. It is also this kind of unpredictability that makes us have more possibilities in penetration. In the face of puddle attacks on betting sites, the information we care most about is nothing more than: **device information**, **location information**, **social platform ID information**, **login IP**, **login frequency**, **login time** and so on.

This paragraph will be from the wind up on **Watering hole fishing** process, for the fingerprinting concept of thinking about the explanation, I hope to be able to cause the reader a little resonance.

! [](. /images/13.png)

This way of obtaining login information by XSS is undoubtedly the simplest and most efficient way to deploy, but you must have noticed. This method has a very fatal drawback is to get the IP address, device information, with a ** number of **, ** clutter **, ** unstable ** characteristics. Imagine, browser fingerprint information, if a device he used in several places, and the browser is used alternately. Then we will not be able to verify whether it is the same device, only to determine the model of the mobile device, and most of the gangs of mobile devices are the same purchase of the same model of old cell phones, but also has a certain effect of avoiding tracing. As for the computer side of the use of the use of the computer is not verifiable, only can determine the operating system information. So here we introduce the concept of **advanced fingerprinting**.

First of all, we would like to thank the technical support of ruyueattention (**DogAnChao**), the number one hardcore little brother of the wind, hehehe, thanks to him :)

! [](. /images/14.jpg)

**Example Demo Page**

The result displayed back to the user is given as above, the specific layout is divided into **WebGl 3D image part**, **Canvas image part**, **GPU rendering part**, **Basic fingerprint part**, **Comprehensive fingerprint part**. Users can analyze and process the data in each part.

Cross-browser fingerprinting requires information that is differentiated across devices and cannot be modified by the user at will. Therefore, it is not possible here to select different browsers such as user agents as in the case of a single browser, which is specific to the data. At the same time, in order to ensure the accuracy and uniqueness, we here select the following requirements:

**1, differentiation**

**2, the user can not be tampered with**

**3, Stability of the device

Based on this, the only fingerprints available here are hardware fingerprints and some basic fingerprints, where hardware fingerprints are used as the dominant fingerprints to ensure the uniqueness of fingerprints, while basic fingerprints can only be used as the auxiliary fingerprints in order to improve the accuracy.

Analyze the test results of the system built on the public network by comparing and analyzing the data in the database. Ideally, there are 50 device fingerprints and 100 browser fingerprints. The system collected a total of 48 samples (devices) fingerprints and 100 browser fingerprints. The browser fingerprints never conflicted, while the cross-browser fingerprints (device) fingerprints conflicted. However, there was no case of different device fingerprints under the same IP. That is, the fingerprints generated from 100 browsers in 50 devices are independent and not duplicated.

! [](. /images/15.jpg)

As you can see from the above figure, the UA fingerprints of different browsers used to access the Demo test interface under the same IP are different, but their device fingerprints are unique, that is, even if the same target uses different browsers and logs in from different geographic locations, we can get the unique fingerprint of the device. Here the COMPUTER fingerprint is calculated by combining the fingerprints of multiple hardware of the device. There is also variability between devices of the same model, so that we have this unique fingerprint, we can count the number of devices of the suspect.

In a sense, we found that the device, for example, logged in Weifang, another record logged in Yunnan, although other **browser fingerprints**, **system fingerprints** are different, but based on the fingerprints of the device, we can deduce that the same device, the login information at different times of the statistics, so that we can grasp the background administrator's whereabouts of the trajectory of the gang, and also solve the problem of certain strict organizations. It also solves the problem that certain tightly organized gangs do not travel by public transportation, resulting in the inability to trace the suspects according to the records of airplanes and high-speed railways.

In general, in the whole traceability system, fingerprints are a very important concept, such as the current honeypot system to capture the social account ID to access the device to trace back to the personnel information, but also the use of fingerprint uniqueness, the user ID as a fingerprint to see and thus achieve the effect of locating the identity of the individual. Then imagine, the same, criminal gangs of people will also go to watch some video platforms, when the user data involved in the country, it is not so difficult to forensics.

** for advanced fingerprint forensics show Demo has been completed, of course, the final on-line to the real-world environment for forensics there is still a period of time, mainly because I'm lazy hahahaha, and so there is time to be sure to complete the project, after all, the bosses of Kunyu's needs have not yet finished writing it, hahahaha. **

# Kiki Kiki Kiki

** This paragraph for the wind up on the anti-fraud work a little thinking, but also for the previous accumulated experience of a little review it. **

First of all, from the point of view of the network service deployment of the current betting gangs, the operation of the front and back end has begun to be utilized. Here the front and back end of the concept of development is different from what we do, like the database and front-end page to do a station library separation operation. From the public network can not directly access to the database, of course, they do not do this to prevent hacking, after all, take down the front-end servers can also be obtained through the configuration file login credentials. The main purpose of doing this is still to quickly transfer business, because now the state crackdown is relatively large, usually like betting, fraud sites are very low timeliness, especially like fraud fraud is basically a shot for a place. So since the data are in the back end of the database, then they can always abandon the front-end server, only need to redeploy the site in the new server can replace the business system, this is also the betting site why there are so many domain name nodes, of course, because of the fear of being banned off.

Currently, these two types of groups of network security capabilities and awareness, although improved, but still immature. Especially like the fraud category, the business system is almost full of holes, and the intention is very clear, is to obtain as much personal information as possible, these large amounts of personal information can not only be used for accurate fraud, of course, can also be used as data trafficking, which also involves a black industrial chain. There is no lack of people engaged in black and gray industry, attacking these sites, access to citizen information, get the darknet and other places to sell.

At the same time we go to work to touch the fish, water group, ** “hardworking, hard” ** fraud gangs in the deep forest experienced the wind and rain, it is said that you want to improve the food will have to wait for the success of a target after the hand can be. Basically speaking, it can be said that the conditions are hard, the environment is harsh, I do not know do this line of figure what.

**P.S. The betting gangs are definitely more sophisticated than this one, after all, what they are doing is the big business. **P.S.

! [](. /images/22.png)

In terms of statistics, the amount of money involved in fraud is not much compared to betting, and it is the betting category that really involves millions of dollars at every turn. So the difficulty of penetrating the betting site is obviously a little higher, and the geographical distribution of personnel is complex, most of the previous activities in Yunnan Lincang, Kunming, Fujian and other places. Now with the continuous improvement of the domestic crackdown, they will choose the server in foreign countries, or Hong Kong and other places, to the forensics caused no small difficulty. The basic activities of the personnel in Southeast Asia more, Myanmar, Cambodia, Malaysia, the Philippines are their main base.

Here to small partners to popularize a small Tips, everyone in the infiltration of the target must be all the relevant passwords to collect, sometimes some managers used to their own name pinyin plus birthday as a password, this can be implemented through this personal identity, of course, if this is the GA department can be directly check, if it is the B side of the enterprise personnel may wish to take this clue! Submitted, it may not be able to add a strip of chicken legs it.

**Here we must pay attention to one thing, in the penetration of APP, must use the simulator or special cell phone to do, because some APP will go to collect the phone on the address book, if when the APP access to the address book permission allowed. Then all the contact information on the phone will be uploaded to the remote database, and if it is fraud-related then it will be used to blackmail the victim. Betting then has people dialing these numbers one by one. After all, it is a matter of probability that the friends of the gambler will also appear to be gamblers, and this is usually done in such a way as to “pull the wool over the eyes of the gambler”. **

! [](. /images/23.png)

**End of chirping~ **

# Postscript

The article has come to the end of this, this new network crime attack and defense technology research will come to an end. In fact, the current anti-fraud situation is not bad, the whole population anti-fraud environment, the people's security awareness has also been significantly improved, which is good. From the current point of view of most of the fraud, betting gangs, although the anti-detection ability is improving day by day, but is still immature, is not untraceable, seamless. So in the process of confrontation is also a psychological test of traceability personnel, how to efficiently study and analyze, will be a piece of information into practice, make the identity, are for the ability of the embodiment of the location.

The process of traceability is that the seemingly unrelated technology, flexible use, often with unexpected results, in fact, I think the penetration of the site is not the whole of the anti-fraud research and judgment forensics, can only be said to collect clues as an auxiliary means. GA department also has its own set of research and judgment means, I have always said that standing in a different position, the ability to grasp the resources are different, the division of labor is also different, so the GA department also has its own set of research and judgment means. The division of labor is also different, so I have been thinking from the pure infiltrator to the research and judgment analysts, distinguish between useful data, the implementation of the identity of the information this is exactly what I need to learn, I can only say that ** Road resistance and long, line will be to ** it.

**Here is a big thank you to Qingdao City Criminal Police Detachment of police officer Duan, internship with him learned a lot, thank him :)**

**Finally, I wish you all the best and your dreams come true! **

	