<h1>Red Team Practical Offense and Defense Techniques (I)</h1>

Author: Wind Up

# Preface

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Hello, I am the wind up, recently has been doing security research and Kunyu development and maintenance, has not been a long time to write the red team offense and defense-related articles, then the recent will bring the “red team real attack and defense technology” series of articles.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Current industry organizations “red and blue confrontation exercises” in the test of corporate security at the same time also honing the technical level of technical staff, in recent years, the exercise can be found on both sides of the attack and defense level have greatly improved, this article will be the perspective of the red team to elaborate on the technical Ideas. Compared with the conventional penetration test, the red team offense and defense is more of a penetration of the differences in thought, and my personal understanding of the “hidden”, “persistent” is the most important idea, how to do a fast, efficient take down the target, hidden, persistent further operations, and that is where the core differences lie. This is where the core difference lies. Familiar with my readers, must have seen the previous “red team offense and defense infrastructure” related articles, this article will also be linked to the previous knowledge points flexibly applied to the actual combat scenarios.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As the first article in this series, will be a company red and blue against the penetration of the actual combat exercise platform, leading to a series of knowledge and penetration of some small Tips, I hope to be able to help you.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**This article is only to do security research role, do not break the law**.

# Quick Hit Points

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Getting a target, the first thing we need to do is to quickly collect information on the target. It is very important to test the relevant function points and familiarize ourselves with the business process of the website. To cope with different penetration scenarios, you can do this link carefully or briefly.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;** Here it is recommended to hang an agent under the hit point, choose the SSR load balancing mode, to prevent the blocking of the IP, IP positioning to the real location, especially the enterprise line, such as Evan Technology, IPIP for the positioning of the enterprise line is very accurate. **

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Use Kunyu to quickly collect information on the site, you may want to space mapping to do information collection will there be a certain inaccuracy? Yes, for some of the new assets may not be updated in a timely manner. But usually for some mature business site, and will not go to the site for frequent changes in port services and other operations, so in a rapid hit point in this way undoubtedly greatly improves the efficiency, but also to avoid the impact of active scanning may cause.

! [](. /images/one.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As in the above chart, through the Title is not difficult to determine the different ports related to business, first look at the first.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Eureka is a Netflix open source service registration and discovery products, can be built with * Spring * boot microservices easily integrated. Here we found that the service is directly exposed to the public network can be unauthorized access, so we quickly collect information on its analysis.

! [](. /images/two.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;But unfortunately, these instances point to an intranet address and port is not open to the public, but we got the server's intranet IP, and learned that it is an Aliyun IDC server. ** Here readers can pay attention, we will meander here again below. **

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Continue to look at port 6363 service, recommend that we use Wappalyzer on the site framework for rapid collection of information, the following chart can be directly through the Wappalyzer to know the target environment, of course, above the “small green leaves” of the ICO icon can also be seen is the SpringBoot framework.

! [](. /images/three.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For SpringBoot framework sites, we can quickly FUZZ under the unauthorized endpoints.

! [](. /images/four.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Here is a Tips, Spring Boot Actuator 1.x version of the default route for the starting path /, 2.x version of the unification of /actuator for the actual path. It is not difficult to see that the target site is Spring Boot Actuator version 1.x through the above figure. The reason for the leakage of information here is that the relevant personnel did not change the configuration file, forget to switch the environment configuration.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Here we focus on env, jolokia, heapdump, trace four endpoints can be.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**env get all the environment properties **
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**jolokia Get all the environment properties
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**heapdump Returns a GZip-compressed hprof heap dump file ***
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**trace Provides basic HTTP request trace information **

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;When we access the unauthorized /env endpoints , Spring Actuator will return some configuration information , including some user credentials , but there will be some with the keyword (such as password, secret) attributes with the * replacement to achieve the effect of desensitization , the following chart . At the same time, there will be some properties that are not desensitized, like this target is more interesting is that it uses the second layer of encryption, so that we get the property information can not be directly exploited. This encryption is separated by @, the first paragraph is like a hash, the latter is like a base64 encryption, if you are familiar with it, you can leave a message to exchange ideas.

! [](. /images/five.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;FUZZ in front of us to learn the target open /jolokia endpoints, whereby we can read desensitized data or GETSHELL to obtain permission.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;By calling the getProperty method of the org.springframework.cloud.context.environment. JSON value. As said above, it is also the data after the second layer encryption.

! [](. /images/six.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Maybe partners will ask, if it happens not to open /jolokia this endpoint? Indeed, in many cases, not necessarily open this endpoint. So at this point you can pay attention to /heapdump, by downloading this endpoint file can be obtained to the server related to the heap of information, through the audit of the file may also be obtained after the desensitization of data, you can use MemoryAnalyzer or VisualVM to open the file, here after the test found that we want to get the value of the attributes of the two encrypted, so the audit will not be carried out. So we won't audit it. Here's a picture.

! [](. /images/seven.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Find the relevant value according to the keyword match on the line, the test of the eye power time has come.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Lastly, the /trace endpoint, you can get some http request packet access to the trace information, it is possible to find some of the intranet applications in which the details of the request for information; and effective users or administrators of the cookie, jwt token and other information.

! [](. /images/eight.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The main role is still to help us get some of the user's login cookie information, so as to log into the background. However, it is worth noting that not all cookies can be used and logged in, because there are a number of requests that have not been authenticated before the request will also be recorded in the head, then we can determine the resources requested to confirm which are logged in after. Of course, if it's been too long since the request and the cookie has expired, it won't work either.

# Vulnerability Exploitation

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Then said above through the /jolokia endpoints can be RCE, and now we change the strategy, first take SHELL and then audit.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Here we are utilizing the jolokia Realm JNDI RCE vulnerability, the basic knowledge of the theory is no longer repeated here, interested students can look at the following article, a very detailed Spring Boot all kinds of security issues are sorted out, but we will be utilized here a little unusual.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://github.com/LandGrey/SpringBootVulExploit

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Utilization conditions:

- The target site has a `/jolokia` or `/actuator/jolokia` interface.
- The target uses the `jolokia-core` dependency (version unknown) and has the relevant MBean in its environment.
- The target can request the attacker's server (requests can be outbound)
- Ordinary JNDI injection is affected by the target JDK version, jdk < 6u141/7u131/8u121 (RMI), but related environments can be bypassed.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Here how to determine when to use which utilization is actually very simple, visit the `/jolokia/list` interface to see if there is a `type=MBeanFactory` and `createJNDIRealm` keywords. Other utilization is also the same way, to check the matching keywords, if there is then basically is available.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;First of all, we follow the above link pointed out the utilization of the way to go through, but there is a very interesting problem: ** marshalsec received the target request, and the request to the JNDIObject.class, but there is no normal rebound back to the shell, the following figure **:

! [](. /images/nine.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; Based on experience, I first realized that this situation can only be the target host to execute the command request to the RMI service set up, but the command was executed without success. Then turn the gun around and look for another EXP on Github that can execute the specified commands for JNDI injection with a high version of the JDK.

! [](. /images/ten.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;By which python command found that the target host has a python2 environment, you can upgrade to a fully interactive Shell, to prevent accidental dropping of the line, of course, it must be noted that, like this type of rebound shell, we must use a reverse proxy or other means of hiding the real VPS IP, and Netcat traffic encryption, the effect of cloaking is as follows:

! [](. /images/eleven.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;You can see that the display is only our proxy address, and network connection for the proxy server IP and port, and the actual local listening port is different, and traffic encryption can help us perform the command will not be captured by the state of the sensor device, which is also the red team attack and defense infrastructure, a very important.

! [](. /images/thirteen.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The target JAVA version is 1.8.0_241, which is higher than the above described ordinary JNDI injection requirements for the utilization of the conditions, which also explains why we just started to utilize the reasons for failure.

! [](. /images/twenty.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Here found that the target host open a large number of Web services and redis database services, and are in the form of jar packages to start Web services, which is to say, unless we download the jar packages back to decompile and modify to add WebShell and replace the restart of the original Web services can be added! WebShell, generally speaking, in order not to destroy the normal operation of the original business, we can not carry out this operation.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Unfortunately, redis service is not unauthorized loopholes, so we continue to download the jar package back to decompile the source code to audit, see if there are some user credentials or service configuration information.

! [](. /images/fourteen.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The IPs configured here are all intranet addresses, which corresponds to the intranet IPs that we acquired at the beginning for the current host. Which contains a number of other hosts in the intranet login credentials interface management platform, message push platform and other services Toekn, here found redis password **XXRedis639020XX** At this point, the wit of the wind up brother immediately found his naming rules are based on the port of redis to set up, which prefixes and suffixes remain unchanged, only to change the middle of the port number, here We directly took the current server multiple redis database.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Continue to audit, found Aliyun's AK/SK.

! [](. /images/sixteen.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So far the control of the target multiple cloud servers, and found that they are all under the same intranet, this time according to other credentials previously obtained can be further lateral movement, there is no lack of, for example: mongodb, Mysql, etc. built on other servers in the database service credentials.

! [](. /images/seventeen.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;At this point in the current target up a reverse proxy, because the actual test process found that the target SSH service and can not be directly connected through the extranet, so the use of such a way to connect, of course, there is a benefit, that is, the target on the logging logs of the login IP for the local intranet, but also to achieve some of the effect of concealment.

! [](. /images/nineteen.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Of course, check the logs also found that the other logging IP for the enterprise line, which also explains that the target server login should be done to limit the security group login SSH service network segment can only be connected from its corporate intranet.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**This is the end of the demo. **

# Privilege Maintenance

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Here because not ready to go further horizontally, so only the local environment to explain the idea. For Linux hosts we played in the external point, the first thing you need to do is to maintain permissions, in fact, the red team exercise and APT is similar to the core of the same in the “persistence”, I am usually accustomed to stay in the private key to log in as well as to create a high-privilege user, the general creation of the user name to the service name is very confusing, but through so unusual! I'm sure you'll be able to tell by the unusual permissions. At this time, do not do this for convenience, very easy to expose, then you can do some sudo power or SUID file and other operations indirectly using root privileges, as follows (reverse example):

! [](. /images/eightteen.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Of course, the red team attack and defense is not just a person fighting, so after getting the shell can be on-line to their own C2, Linux on-line CobaltStrike way you can use the CrossC2 plug-in for, here only for security research, so do not do this operation. The use of nohup way to stay in a persistent proxy way is also relatively easy to be found, so it is recommended to use frp for the proxy, but also because of its scalability is very high, through the no kill or modify the configuration file and other ways to avoid traffic monitoring.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It should be noted that the traces must be cleaned up. In the process of the blue team disposal, the focus is on some of the login, service logs, processes, ports, new files, which is where the minefield is, be sure to work on these aspects. Especially the history of the command, do not clean up the probability of being restored to the attack path is very high, which will also be pulled out step by step. If you can successfully pass the disposition of the personnel of the investigation, then congratulations you can continue to rest assured, because in the case of non-essential or confirmed lapse, no party is willing to isolate the current business, especially external services, internal OA, industrial control systems, etc., to stop the business system may cause incalculable losses. Of course, if some unimportant business, may also be directly to the shutdown, although not in line with the regulations.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In the intranet environment, each step of the operation needs to be very careful, especially involving the port, the process of operation. Because the slightest carelessness, was captured to the abnormal operation, will cause the defense side of the great importance. Especially in the case of multiple anomalous alarms, usually in the case of the first alarm, the blue team members did not detect the abnormal operation will focus on the host, if the alarm continues to appear, then it is very likely to directly single machine isolation. Then at this time in the case of permission to drop and there is no way to clean up the traces, do not panic, go to make a cup of flower tea, so that after cooling will be more fragrant.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For some of the newly promoted red team students, the wind up brother suggested that first do a good job of infrastructure, such as free kill, cloaking, tool feature transformation, anonymous VPS, mailboxes, cell phone numbers, identity information, etc., it is best to infiltrate the operation in a pure virtual machine (don't put aside the virtual machine to watch any Tencent video). If the honeypot catches the ID, then basically the probability of being traced out is very high, you may still be happily infiltrating, and suddenly tell you out. Don't be surprised, take a look at the group more, is there a blue team brother asked about your ID hahaha (unless you call what Zhang San, Li Si, Wang Er Ma Zi this kind of confusing ID).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Talk about it here first, above a paragraph is all text, I think in the reading of the students are too lazy to see, here the series of articles behind and then talk about **!

# Postscript

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Thank you for the support of the readers, released in a while ago Kunyu (Kun舆), but also the beginning of the article when the use of information collection tools, interested partners can download and use on their own, it is a very good passive information collection tools, the wind up highly recommended Oh ~!

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This article, from the perspective of the red team analyzed the idea of infiltration, some need to pay attention to the details of the focus on the explanation. Penetration process is not the key, the important thing is that the idea, so this article has some of the utilization of the details are omitted, only to assist to explain, I think this combination of practical explanations is very necessary, if only go to talk about the idea, who will go to listen? Hey, unless it's particularly great, I'm not going to look at it. I think I am a more realistic person, there is a say a kind of, so also like to do some sharing, perhaps also hope that more students can go to do what I want to do, indirectly make up for my regrets.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Lastly, I wish you all the best and your dreams come true!

# Community
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;There are students who want to get to know each other, or exchange technology, you can contact the author in the following ways.

! [](. /images/author.jpg)


# Reference Links

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://github.com/knownsec/Kunyu/
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://blog.csdn.net/weixin_40418457/article/details/116424252
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://github.com/LandGrey/SpringBootVulExploit#0x05jolokia-realm-jndi-rce


