# C2 Infrastructure Threat Intelligence Counter Strategy

**Author: The Wind Rises**

Threat Intelligence is a multidimensional and comprehensive approach in the field of information security and security defense that collects, analyzes, and interprets information related to potential threats in order to preemptively identify and assess potential threats that may cause damage to an organization's assets. This approach focuses not only on technical aspects, but also includes social, psychological, political and other dimensions as a way to better respond to a changing and complex threat environment. It is designed to provide analysts with critical information to help them adopt preventive measures and emergency response strategies, thereby reducing the risk and impact of threat response implementations.

## Foreword

With the increasing severity of the cyber-attack countermeasure environment, cyber-threat intelligence is gradually playing an indispensable role in the analysis of attack behaviors. The importance of cyber threat intelligence lies mainly in its ability to help organizations understand the evolving threats they face, provide data-driven defense strategies, reduce potential risks and losses, and support the establishment of a stronger information security system.

** This paper focuses on the C2 infrastructure perspective of the threat intelligence countermeasures, the author will discuss the threat intelligence analysis process of attack and defense ideas. From the advanced attack and defense process, the attacker's point of view to see the analysis of threat intelligence ideas, analyze the problems in the intelligence research and hunting process. **In the process of work, the author found that it is very necessary to stand in the attack perspective to look at the threat intelligence, we need to think from the attacker's point of view of the threat intelligence may exist in the place of laxity. When an attack occurs, is the analytical thinking of the researchers based on their own understanding of the attack or objective intelligence? I believe the reader will think about this through this paper. Due to the broader concept of threat intelligence countermeasures, covering many different sub-directions, limited to space, this paper will only explain the direction of the C2 infrastructure countermeasures.

**This article is only the author's personal opinion, if there is any inaccuracy, please correct me. **

## Threat intelligence research and judgment ideas from the attacker's perspective

The first thing you should think about when you see a suspected attack is, **Is the threat intelligence we see completely real? ** When analyzing a security incident, threat intelligence should be used as an auxiliary basis for judgment, but should not be the decisive factor. The first criterion for analysts to judge security incidents is **"behavior ”**, and the concept of behavior is also reflected in cyberspace mapping, but there is interoperability and ambiguity between the two. In the process of hunting on the traffic side of threat intelligence, the behavior is mainly what the subject did, focusing on the communication process, while mapping is the unique characteristics of the individual, with the aim of ultimately being able to form a fingerprint. **However, the characteristics of the subject can also be used as part of the focus of threat intelligence to correlate the assets and facilities of an organization. **Behavior**.

**behavior**: different groups, may show the basic unique characteristics, when we can grasp the characteristics, then we can identify all the individuals in the group as far as possible, and these behavioral characteristics in the cyberspace mapping is the performance of the equipment of the various ports of the protocol in the banner characteristics.

**Here the behavior can be understood as features, and how to extract these features for more accurate matching has undoubtedly become one of the most important links. **

 
“specific “**, ** ‘unchangeable ’** individual characteristics, can be decisive to point to the scope of the assets of a person or group, both to accurately distinguish between the target assets and specificity, can not be easily modified characteristics.

Here I think, in the threat intelligence for an organization or a special C2 facility asset tagging, analysts can make the relevant fingerprints by making the initial asset filtering, and then further validation of the assets associated to the final synchronization to the threat intelligence, ** and the threat intelligence hunting, rather than incomplete, but also do not appear to be inaccurate, to the subsequent face of the attack on the event of the analysts to cause misdirection. **

Threat hunting for malicious samples, targeting the sample side for positioning, analyzing the traffic side of the communication situation, synchronized to the threat intelligence side, embodied in the intelligence side of the C2 to carry out a comprehensive research and judgment, marking malicious behavior such a process. And traffic in this process plays a vital role in the current offensive and defensive confrontation process, weaponized engineers for the generation of samples has been done to a very sophisticated point, a variety of white + black endless, so the communication behavior is undoubtedly the need to pay more attention to the place, summed up in one sentence is not to look at its external, but to see what things to do it.

**C2 Facility Communication Characteristics: **

- Return address
- Communication content
- Special channel
- Communication frequency
- Duration
- .....

I think that the detection of communication content is always a difficult point, after encrypting the communication traffic, it is impossible to know the encrypted communication data, traditional plaintext detection using rule matching, load reduction detection and other traffic detection techniques can not detect the content of the information transmitted by the encrypted session. Such as C3, which utilizes the legitimate functions of popular applications to disguise the infected endpoints and C2 servers to communicate with each other makes threat tracking even more difficult, and products on the market for encrypted traffic detection are basically helpless in the face of high versions of the TLS protocol. The communication frequency is the heartbeat packet, a little heartbeat silence + offset can be bypassed, which is also the basic operation. ** As a result, in future attacker confrontations may begin to find the utilization of more covert C2 channels, intelligence teams should accelerate the analysis of endpoint machine data in order to quickly detect the threat in the entire kill chain. **

**Fingerprinting of code signatures is certainly a good idea for self-signed class samples. **

! [1](. /image/14.png)

I think according to the code fingerprint as the basis, can be against some self-signed certificate samples to do the correlation, before there is an understanding of micro-stepping OneSec, then there is no possibility to use this to correlate the relationship between the malicious samples transmitted in the organization. His fingerprint of this signature should be signed with the certificate of the program are the same, and the attacker will usually give the program for white + black signature, corresponding to multiple samples of the premise that they are all signed by this certificate. **If the Agent has been deployed on the terminal device, then the signature fingerprints of the associated terminal suspicious programs will be compared to the cloud sandbox detection intelligence as the basis for identifying the same code signature of the malicious program, as a basis for detection, I believe that such an idea should be feasible if it is applied in the organizational structure of the environment. ** Of course, the specific feasibility of the professionals to think about, the theory of business all the Agent end of the deployment as a basis for protection of the device should be able to draw on.

Organizations should always pay attention to their own risk exposure surface, intelligence-driven, pay attention to **Opinion (code leakage, contact information, data leakage, supply chain risk)**, may be the late impact of certain data leakage incidents will directly lead to the relevant organization to have a security incident. With the development of the organization's business, the expansion of business on the cloud, mobile office requirements, partners, and branches, the security risk will gradually rise, so it is necessary to pay more attention to the security intelligence of recent events. Standing in the attacker's point of view, infiltration will not be initiated from the safest location, but to observe the Internet assets associated with the target, public opinion as a special bridge to move to the target organization, the principle of the barrel of knowledge is to break through from the weakest place of the defense system.

To sum up, in the hunting process of threat intelligence, the intelligence that has not been hit and found is always the most important, and when the attack has already become a fact, the intelligence hunting analysis can only reduce the loss of the organization to a certain extent. Threat intelligence analysis team should strengthen the focus on ** being attacked, the events that have occurred attacks **, on this basis to discover the events that will be attacked, in a timely manner will be attacked based on the intelligence pushed to the industry at high risk, timely investigation, the risk of security incidents will be reduced ** to do the prevention in advance, after the event, effective disposal of the initiative. **

## Strategy and implementation against C2 threat intelligence

Command and control servers, also known as C&C or C2, are used by attackers to maintain communications with infected systems within a target network. The terms “command” and “control” are frequently and widely used, and malicious cyberattacks have been on the rise over the past decade. One of the most destructive attacks, usually executed via DNS, is accomplished through C&C, which is defined as the techniques used by threat actors to communicate with infected devices over a network.

As the name implies, command and control servers issue commands and controls to infected systems (usually home users' Internet-connected computers, which then form an army of zombies called a botnet). These communications can be as simple as maintaining timed beacons or “heartbeats” so that operators running the attack can keep a list of their compromised systems in the target network or use them for more malicious operations, such as remote control or data transfer. Exfiltration. While command-and-control servers are used to control systems within the target organization, it is usually the infected host that initiates communications from inside the network to command-and-control servers on the public Internet. **[Command-and-control servers: The puppet masters that govern malware]By Adam RiceJames Ringold, Westinghouse Electric Company**

**It is hoped that by reading this subparagraph the reader will be able to think about security prevention strategies from the attacker's point of view, and understand the new C2 facility protection means, which will also be explained in terms of the implementation of the methodology of the C2 infrastructure for countering threat intelligence. The following figure is a schematic diagram generated by MicroStepGraph, readers can read the text first and then look at the legend to strengthen the understanding of the relevant technical ideas to achieve better reading results. **

! [1](. /image/baidu.png)

[^MicroStep Intelligence]: Graph Overview

RedGuard is a derivative of the Command and Control (C2) based front-end flow control technology, featuring a more lightweight design, efficient flow interaction, and reliable Go programming language compatible development. As cyber-attacks continue to evolve and the red and blue teams become more sophisticated with their exercises, RedGuard aims to provide a better C2 channel hiding solution for the red team, providing flow control for the C2 channel, blocking “malicious” analysis traffic and better accomplishing the entire attack mission.

RedGuard is a C2 front-end traffic control tool that can avoid detection by Blue Team, AVS, EDR, Cyberspace Search Engine.

**Github download address**

``
https://github.com/wikiZ/RedGuard
```

### Fake TLS certificates

When deploying domain-front cloaking C2 traffic, by default the accelerated domain name does not have HTTPS certificate information, which is obviously problematic, so you need to pay attention to the configuration of the certificate when configuring the domain name, which is also the default basis for determining whether the sample is domain-front traffic.

! [1](. /image/1.png)

[^ Tencent Cloud]: Content Delivery Network Certificate Configuration

I believe that when you see this, you will have some questions, ** how to get the certificate for the configuration? If you use your own application certificate is not in line with the desired stealth effect we want to achieve. **Here you can use a cloned certificate for configuration, Tencent Cloud, for example, the test found that it will not be custom uploaded certificates to verify the validity of the certificate, we can use the same accelerated domain name with the actual site of the certificate forged. Although the forged certificate in normal circumstances to replace the default certificate of the CS is unable to communicate, but in the cloud service vendors CDN site-wide acceleration and RedGuard above the deployment will not check the validity and can communicate normally C2 interactive traffic.

**The following is the address of the existing Github project**.

```bash
https://github.com/virusdefender/copy-cert
```

Although the certificate of the front traffic side of the sample domain has been resolved, but standing in the perspective of the large network mapping, our C2 server is still exposed to the outside, may still be detected by the real C2 server and realize the association, then you can modify the C2 front default certificate through RedGuard to achieve the stealth.

! [1](. /image/2.png)

[^ MicroStep Community Intelligence Information]: Digital Certificates

The above is the effect of the certificate forged by the C2 server, and it can be seen that it is credible and unexpired in the intelligence of the MicroStep community, and the main way to obtain digital certificates is to extract them in the sample analysis of the cloud sandbox and update them in real time, but obviously they have not been effectively verified, and the status value is only verified against the expiration time, and the credible verification of certificates is supposed to be based on the judgment of whether they are able to communicate normally or not. The credible verification of the certificate should only be based on whether it can communicate normally.

It should be noted that the micro-step intelligence will not be on the sample request SNI and HOST address labeled certificate information, which in fact is also out of the consideration of preventing false positives,** I think this is correct, as an important basis for supporting the analysis of the researchers and judges, the threat of intelligence would rather not be incomplete, but also best not to point to the wrong direction, the subsequent analysis of the miscarriage of justice. ** If the certificate configured in the full-site acceleration is a certificate for forging communication traffic, then the configuration of RedGuard C2's pre-response certificate is necessary in order to forge the behavioral characteristics of real C2 servers deployed on the public network to achieve the effect of anti-mapping.

Extract the certificate serial number: `55e6acaed1f8a430f9a938c5`, and HEX encode it to get the TLS certificate fingerprint: `26585094245224241434632730821`.


|       IP       | Port | Protocol |   Service    | Country |  City  |         Title         |    Time    |
| :------------: | :--: | :------: | :----------: | :-----: | :----: | :-------------------: | :--------: |
| 103.211.xx.90  | 443  |  https   | Apache httpd |  China  | Suzhou | 百度图片-发现多彩世界 | 2023-08-28 |
| 223.113.xx.207 | 443  |  https   |     JSP3     |  China  | Xuzhou |     403 Forbidden     | 2023-08-28 |
| 223.112.xx.48  | 443  |  https   |     JSP3     |  China  | Xuzhou |     403 Forbidden     | 2023-08-28 |
| 223.113.xx.40  | 443  |  https   |     JSP3     |  China  | Xuzhou |     403 Forbidden     | 2023-08-28 |
| 223.113.xx.31  | 443  |  https   |     JSP3     |  China  |        |    405 Not Allowed    | 2023-08-28 |
| 223.113.xx.206 | 443  |  https   |     JSP3     |  China  | Xuzhou |     403 Forbidden     | 2023-08-28 |

**Search Result Amount: 2291**

Through cyberspace mapping found 2291 independent IP, verification to determine the TLS certificates belonging to Baidu, if you look at the traffic flow alone is more difficult to determine whether the malicious communication, and the above TLS certificate for the domain-front + C2-front traffic facilities were forged, the success of spatial mapping and threat intelligence to achieve the interference, resulting in the correlation of erroneous information, so that the traffic flow of the attackers characteristics are more realistic, realizing the purpose of forging normal communication traffic.

The purpose of this work is to forge normal communication traffic. [1](. /image/3.png)

[^RedGuard]: RG assets using default certificates

Even if stealth forwarding processing did not exist prior to the C2 traffic preprocessing facility, it is best to change the certificate for RedGuard. By default, any fingerprinting library formed by generic component fingerprinting currently in common use in cyberspace mapping is one that makes use of the **behavior** of generic component default configuration characteristics, and different groups in these customization processes may in turn exhibit different unique characteristics. Of course, the formation of fingerprints requires some understanding of the target component, so that the default features of the target can be extracted to form an associated fingerprint. Here, the behavioral characteristics exhibited by RG certificates are used for cyberspace mapping, associated to a large number of RG nodes deployed in the public network.

**It is not surprising that the author was able to extract the fingerprint, but it is still recommended that RedGuard users modify the default certificate information to be a professional hacker :)**

### Hijacking the site response

I believe that many readers will be more interested in **hijacked response**, probably the principle that when the client initiates a request to the real C2 server, due to non-compliance with the inbound rules, so the C2 server will get the specified normal site and return its response information, so from the effect of the end of the request seems to be the IP service interaction, but in reality, it is a middle C2 server as a proxy server and normal site interaction, it is difficult to find abnormalities. It is difficult to find the abnormality. If it meets the inbound request, it will forward the traffic request to the real C2 service listening port for interaction, and the real listening port has been filtered by the cloud firewall, which only allows local access, and can not be directly accessed from the outside. ** So from the external port openings, only the HTTP/S port is open, and in a sense, this is really the C2 on-line port. **

! [1](. /image/7.png)

[^Traffic schematic]: C2 server traffic interaction process

In the cyberspace mapping data, the HTTP/S open port response code for this IP is 200, not a 302 hop, which is more authentic.

! [1](. /image/8.png)

HTTPS certificates have the same effect as the above forged certificates and are fingerprinted as authentic certificates.

! [1](. /image/9.png)

I believe that many red team in the process of playing the project, will be widely used in the cloud function / domain front of a class of means of concealment, but in today's offensive and defensive confrontation of the game, both of the above means of concealment there is a fatal problem, that is, can be directly connected to the C2 service, and these lead to the result of the result is undoubtedly that when we get hold of the cloud function address or the domain front of the interaction of the IP / HOST can be directly access to the C2 listening service and prove that it is an attack facility.

The following is an example of an attack on a C2 service. [1](. /image/11.png)

** Since the traffic can directly reach the C2, then here may wish to think about, security devices for SNI and HOST does not match the traffic can be CS scanning to identify whether the malicious traffic, cloud function or sandbox environment for the same reason, in addition to the sample side of the process can be more traffic level analysis. **

When the hijacking response, direct access to HTTP services can be normal site interaction, but Cscan is not able to scan the sample information, because the traffic can not reach the real C2 listener, only when the traffic to meet the characteristics of the initiation of the normal C2 interaction, but there is a problem, the C2 scanning script needs to comply with the rules of the inbound, which the blue team analysts of the code capabilities This is a test for the code ability of the blue team analysts. Currently, the public scanning scripts are in the form of Nmap.

The current publicly available scanning script is in the form of Nmap. [1](. /image/12.png)

Here to mention a little Tips, in addition to the domain front, you can also try to grab some high-reputation domain name, and some organizations may omit to register certain domain names, then you can grab and then use the hidden WHOIS information service as an interactive domain name, the credibility is higher.

! [1](. /image/13.png)

**P.S. Deep Trust Brother can not buy back ah, I stayed useless >_<**

### Recognizing cloud sandbox fingerprints


 JA3 provides a more recognizable fingerprint for encrypted communications between clients and servers, using a TLS fingerprint to identify the TLS negotiation between a malicious client and server, thus enabling correlation of malicious clients. This fingerprint is easy to generate on any platform using MD5 encryption, and is now widely used in threat intelligence, for example in some sandbox sample analysis reports to corroborate the correlation between different samples.

If we can get hold of the JA3(S) of the C2 server and the malicious client, even if the encrypted traffic and do not know the IP address or domain name of the C2 server, we can still identify the TLS negotiation between the malicious client and the server through the TLS fingerprint. ** I believe that when we see here, we can think of, this is also exactly against the domain front, reverse proxy, cloud function and other traffic forwarding stealth means of a measure, through the sandbox execution samples to identify the TLS negotiation with the C2 communication between the TLS and generate JA3 (S) fingerprints, which can be applied to the threat intelligence so as to achieve the auxiliary traceability of the technical means. **

The technology has been announced last year, in the test micro-step sandbox environment, found that its request for interaction with the exit IP, although the number is not large, but through the IP to identify the sandbox is not accurate, and it is very easy to change the characteristics, but its JA3 fingerprint in the same system environment is unique. Subsequent feedback that the sandbox has been completed fingerprint randomization, but recently found through testing is still not fully realized, or hope that the traffic side of the fingerprint can be squarely addressed.

**The following JA3 fingerprints are the main ones at the moment:**

- 55826aa9288246f7fcafab38353ba734

In the position of the cloud sandbox, through the monitoring of samples and C2 server traffic interaction between the generation of JA3 (S) fingerprints to identify malicious clients and thus associated, and we think in reverse, the same as the C2 front traffic control facilities, we can also be such an operation to obtain the JA3 fingerprints of the client's request, through the debugging of the different sandbox environments to obtain these JA3 fingerprints to form fingerprint libraries thereby We can also do this operation to obtain the JA3 fingerprints of client requests.

Imagine in the process of staged Trojan interaction, the loader will first pull the shellcode of the remote address, then when the traffic recognizes that the request meets the JA3 fingerprint library of the cloud sandbox characteristics, it will intercept the subsequent requests. Then can not get shellcode can not complete the entire loading process, the sandbox naturally can not be analyzed in its entirety. If the environment is no stage of the Trojan horse, then the sandbox analysis of the same can not be finally online to the C2 server, we must have slept a sleep up on the C2 hung a large number of timeout has been a long time on the sandbox record it, of course, ideally, we can identify the different sandbox environment, which also relies mainly on the reliability of the fingerprint library.

In the process of testing, I found that in the fingerprint library to add ZoomEye GO language request library JA3 fingerprints to monitor the RG request traffic situation, most of the requests are triggered by the JA3 fingerprint library features of the base interception, here I guess that the mapping product underlying language is to GO language to achieve part of the scanning task, through a link, the scanning logic composed of different underlying language finally completed the entire Scanning task, which also explains why part of the mapping product scanning triggered the JA3 fingerprint interception feature of the GO language request library. **And its identification rules with the cloud sandbox fingerprinting principle is the same, are utilized to request the uniqueness of the client's environment and request library, the difference between the PC side, the request environment of these products is basically not arbitrarily changed, which also leads to the traffic side of the fingerprints we can get hold of its traffic side and intercept **So is it possible to think about the security equipment can be actively detecting the flow of JA3 fingerprints as the basis for interception? Of course, when the business traffic is large there may be a certain amount of false positives, and only theoretically implementable product requirements are presented here.

**P.S. readers can also upload their own samples to the sandbox to obtain and verify their JA3 fingerprints added to the fingerprint library, it should be noted that if the sandbox only change the JA3 fingerprints are not the above fingerprints is meaningless, the real need to solve the dynamic analysis of the sandbox each time are not the same fingerprints, and its changes need to meet the as far as possible do not repeat, if the repetition rate is high will still be used as a fingerprint. **

### Customized sample fingerprints

Here is a practical scenario, when an attacker wants different listeners to correspond to independent samples, and in the case of a sample being captured or wanting it to ** “fail” **, to be able to specify whether the sample traffic is allowed to be released to reach the C2, then you can use a custom sample fingerprint. This feature is based on customizing the Malleable Profile to set the HTTP Header field as the sample fingerprint “**Sample Salt Value**”, providing unique identification of the same **C2 Listener/Header Host. **In addition, the Trojan sample fingerprint generated in combination with other related request fields can be used to detect the survival of customized samples.

**According to the attacker's task requirements, the Trojan sample fingerprinting function can be used to “offline operation” for the samples that want to be invalidated**, to better circumvent the sample throughput correlation of malicious research and judgment traffic and the analysis of phased samples to obtain the PAYLOAD attack load, giving the attacker a more personalized stealth measures. For different C2 listeners, you can configure aliases for different Malleable Profiles, customize the field name and value of the relevant header as the sample Salt value, as a way to distinguish between different samples as the only identification. **The following code is for illustration purposes, while in the actual attack and defense scenarios we can give a more realistic HTTP request packet fields as the basis for judgment. **

```bash
http-get “listen2” {
	set uri “/image.gif”.
	client {
		header “Accept-Finger” “866e5289337ab033f89bc57c5274c7ca”; //user-defined field name and value
		metadata {
			print
		}
	}
}
```

**HTTP Traffic** !

! [1](. /image/5.png)

As shown in the figure, we use the above sample Salt value and Host field as the basis for fingerprint generation, here we know that.

- **Salt value: 866e5289337ab033f89bc57c5274c7ca**
- **Host field value: redguard.com

Based on splicing the above values and using **32-bit lowercase MD5 hash** the sample fingerprint is obtained as:

```bash
redguard.com866e5289337ab033f89bc57c5274c7ca //spliced pending hash string
d56da55231dfd8e9a4f3ad2e464f49e4 //Sample FingerPrint
``

Now that the above sample fingerprints are known, we now set up a custom Header field and sample fingerprint for malicious traffic interception in the RedGuard configuration file. **It is worth noting that the Header field and value here can be customized to be more realistic, here in order to better show the effect so Accept-Finger with a long field of Hash as an example. **We can expand multiple sample fingerprints, different fingerprints between the FieldName and FieldFinger fields separated by commas, FieldName field needs to be configured with the Malleable Profile in the Header field name to maintain consistency, which is an important basis for obtaining the request packet carries Salt value.

! [1](. /image/6.png)

Since RG's configuration file is hot-configured, here we don't need to restart and stop RG in order to achieve interception against the samples we wish to invalidate. When we want the sample to be effective again, we just need to remove the relevant sample fingerprints in RG's configuration file to achieve it.

### Honeypot Malicious Trapping

**The principle of honeypot malicious trapping relies on RG's traffic-directed response hijacking or redirection function, which directs analysts of C2 facilities to the address of the honeypot sandbox. In the state of response hijacking, RG will direct request traffic that does not comply with inbound rules to the honeypot assets**, and when it comes to more powerful honeypots (such as those that capture carrier cell phone numbers), the client will respond to the request by the json file of the target site, and the request will be directed to the honeypot assets. The response of the target site to initiate a request to be jsonp hijacked to the relevant information.

Imagine, when the analysts on the C2 on-line port direct access will be directed to the honeypot assets, the result is undoubtedly the analysts caused by the disturbance, and analysts were maliciously directed to request the honeypot assets, the honeypot monitoring end is captured to the blue team analysts of the relevant information so as to trace back the error. If the goal of analysis is wrong from the beginning, how can we get good results, undoubtedly causing serious internal friction on the defense team.

**Here's a set of ZoomEye fingerprints that correlate honeypot assets:**

```bash
(iconhash: “9fd6f0e56f12adfc2a4da2f6002fea7a” (title: “Ran Synergy” +“iframe” +“>v.ignoreNotice”)) (“/static/js/2.ca599e2d.chunk.js?t=” +title:” OA Office System“) (”data.sloss.xyz/get_code.js?access“) (”/monitordevinfo/common.js") (app: ‘honeyport’ +country:china +after: ‘2022-08-22’)
``

! [1](. /image/4.png)

The way to achieve this effect is very simple, just change the relevant keys in the RG configuration file.

```bash
# RedGuard interception action: redirect / reset / proxy (Hijack HTTP Response)
drop_action = proxy
# URL to redirect to
Redirect = https://market.baidu.com
```

**P.S. I'm sure you all know how to configure this without any explanation :)**

The way is considered to be a kind of strange trick right, more is reflected in the idea, if further utilization can be deployed in the C2 front traffic control facilities honeypot capture function and then interactive traffic direction, the effect is that as traditional honeypots as able to obtain the client's browser cache data. But I personally feel that in the public version, applied to the current stage of the attack and defense confrontation may not be very meaningful, the attacker captured the blue team analysts social information and then traceability is meaningless operation. Of course, taking a step back to think about it, this may make the analysis of C2 samples more dangerous, when the black and grey attackers can get to get the virtual identity of the analysts, if they can do the conversion of real and virtual identities, then it is still more dangerous. **So I think the future research and analysis should be more cautious and raise the awareness of vigilance. **

## Postscript

Again to a more relaxed stage, this is also my favorite part of writing articles, has not written an article for a year, and did not pay attention to the direction of security, hmm. Might be a bit out of touch. Just finished the fourth year of HW experience, a friend said a sentence that impressed me, ** “feeling, HW for us is to participate in a hustle and bustle that has little to do with us ”**, hahahaha, feel very apt ah. Looking back on their own security experience, I feel that it is still a relatively mixed learning, is it *Broad view and about to take*, thick but thin hair? To their own late planning may not be mainly to do technology, honestly I have not been a person who likes to pursue technology, so after I graduated may go to do the job facing contact with people and technology to deal with positions, rather than focusing on security research. I position myself as a person who is good at **Understanding+Association+Innovation**, probably to put it bluntly is a person who is good at summarizing and innovation, so I always like to contact with the emerging things, because it can always let me be inspired and find something different. **2023 is a brand new start, the wind is still on the way. **

**Finally, I wish you all the best of luck and your dreams come true! **

For readers who want to exchange techniques, you can contact the author via Wechat at.

! [author](. /image/author.jpg)

Translated with DeepL.com (free version)