## Red Team Offensive and Defensive Infrastructure - The Road to God's Hiding

## Preface

This time, I will mainly write about some advanced usage of steganography and some of my guessing experiments in the previous article <Red Team Attack and Defense Infrastructure - C2 IP Steganography>, this article is probably the final chapter on the topic of C2 steganography, and I also had a lot of chats with Anakin and Master of MicroSteps before I prepared to write the article, which is very fruitful and I would like to thank him for that :). When we go to do some of the previously mentioned steganography, will we think about some of the flaws and traceability methods of this means? In this article, we will also write about the author's conjecture on the traceability of some steganographic means, maybe there are not well thought out places, you can give more comments on the master.

 

## Domain fronting & Nginx reverse proxy

When you see the title above, there may be many readers have such doubts. The domain front is not done by the AliCloud restrictions can not be used? Then as the saying goes, there is more than one way, through the use of other vendors (part of) the CDN service, you can also achieve the effect of the second degree. This time, we do not publicly explain the use of CDN vendors in this article information, partners can be found through this article, then begin to return to the main topic.

### Steps

First of all, the configuration of the domain front here will not repeat. Nginx reverse proxy here we take ngrok as an example, open a tunnel, configure the local port is set to 127.0.0.1:8866 here port at will, because the last CS will be listening to the port on the line.

! [img](. /iamge/t01f636d4683a420d10.png)

After setting the local port, on our VPS server, enable Nginx reverse proxy as below:

! [img](. /iamge/t01ca25ce67a76d2480.png)

After configuring the proxy, you can proxy to port 8866 of our VPS by visiting the address aliks.5gzvip.idcfengye.com.

! [img](. /iamge/t01200496ee5003e81d.png)

The return address is set to the address of the above proxy, here you need to pay attention to, the return address of the source HOST must remember to configure (other vendors are the same), otherwise it can not be online.

! [img](. /iamge/t01abc8bd1796e7b5a9.png)

The next step is to utilize the same way as the domain front, ping the load IP across the network.

! [img](. /iamge/t010672b8c3e581afa4.png)

Just get two random load IPs to listen in on the CS.
Here's the kicker. We also need to listen on the port that Nginx is proxying to at CS.

! [img](. /iamge/t017ae1cd5891264939.png)

Be sure to set the IP here to the loopback address or intranet IP, if we set it directly to the public IP of our VPS, then the traffic from the victim machine is going to appear to be communicating with our VPS.

Then we normally use that listener in front of the domain to generate a Trojan.

! [img](. /iamge/t01d980632df95fa84f.png)

Successfully online

! [img](. /iamge/t0164dee8812b17192a.png)

On the surface it looks similar to the previous domain-front feature, but there is an extra layer of Nginx proxy in the middle, which undoubtedly makes the traceability work extremely difficult. Because originally the domain front is only distributed from the load IP to the real VPS address through the CDN technology, but in the middle there is an additional layer of reverse proxy, another jump, and finally proxy to our real address.

Of course, for the above Nginx reverse proxy in fact, there is another way, is to see another arrow pointing to a customized domain name, we can modify the place, using an anonymous domain name, normal settings CDN acceleration, and then in the ngrok configuration can be achieved with the effect of the domain front almost the same CDN stealth, the difference is only the HOST only, but undoubtedly faster, there is no need to configure. need to configure. Compared to the configuration steps of the domain front, this is also a good way, and I think the stability of ngrok is still good.

### **Thinking about a two-layer cloaking traceability chain:**

Layer one.
How to break through the CDN technology to get the real IP, because the domain front technology is different from what we used to recognize as breaking through the CDN, the HOST header is completely arbitrary domain name, and the IP address of the communication is the load IP, which is untraceable.

The second layer
Assuming that the breakthrough of the domain front technology, to obtain the assistance of the service provider, but the CDN acceleration points to the domain name address for the Nginx reverse proxy address, and only to determine the domain name can not be confirmed which is provided by the reverse proxy service.

The third layer
Assuming that the traceability of the service provided by Ngrok, and the maintenance staff is willing to provide assistance, but as a reverse proxy service, because most of the reverse proxy providers, such as Ngrok, are registered anonymously, and in the event that we do not make a reverse proxy connection, on the server and can not see our real IP, but of course, we can get the port of our reverse connection, and here you can keep a close eye on the port, and it's not It's not impossible.

Layer 4
In fact, there is a paradox in this layer of anti-generation, that is, it is not necessarily Ngrok, we can use any anti-generation provider such as heroku and other foreign, or we can use the broiler to build, so there is no way to find out, even if there are various aspects of the support for traceability is also difficult.

### Traceability

Then continue to talk about the most interested in the domain front traceability ideas, of course, to this day, this approach is still no good traceability approach, so what I said is only my personal and friends with the exchange of some of the ideas.

1, for different load IP corresponding to which CDN vendors to do the collection of integration
2, of course, he proposed a mainstream large plant to verify the domain name belonging to the small plant to mark, I think this is also a way but is undoubtedly a huge workload
3, here I put forward a proposal is to comply with the first said, if you can know its use of CDN vendors, then, combined with the HOST header, we can deduce the value of his CNAME, after all, the same CDN service provider to accelerate the domain name is the only one, and in the implementation of the domain of the front, the CNAME has been pointing to the real IP for communication. So it is possible to find the real IP with the help of the service provider. Of course, the two-layer cloaking that we mentioned above certainly creates another problem for this kind of traceability conjecture.

 

## Domain fronting & cloud functions

In the previous article, these two approaches were explained separately and the advantages and disadvantages of each were described, but what about the combination of the two? Let's take a look below!

### Steps

First of all, the normal configuration of the domain front, the same way as the above configuration of the reverse proxy, pay attention to the configuration of the source back to the source, where the domain address is configured as our cloud function triggered by the API gateway address.

! [img](. /iamge/t015a4534f9834662cb.png)

I won't go into the configuration of the cloud function here.
Directly with the same method as above to configure listening, because the principle is also through the domain front distribution to the API gateway for triggering and then through the cloud function for forwarding to the real VPS.

! [img](. /iamge/t017c1d7e604e30b0b2.png)

Successful upload
Here too, only the load IP of the CDN can be captured.

### Traceability Ideas

In fact, the principle is very simple, and the above method is almost the same operation. For the cloud function of the traceability idea is actually very simple, in the cloud function we get the domain address, I believe you will find the address is as follows.
**service-o9sr3b3f-1259xxxx07.bj.apigw.tencentcs.com**
Where 1259xxxxx07, is the APPID of our Tencent Cloud account, this ID is unique. If you get the support of Tencent Cloud, then it is completely traceable to the account's personal information, which is almost the same nature as Aliyun's OSS address, can be traced.

! [img](. /iamge/t01971b3f5b7cba03d4.png)

Even if the domain front and cloud functions are combined, then the untraceable is still based on the domain front security, but also mentioned above, I think the domain front in the future is possible to be traced out or even banned, so this also means that want to trigger the cloud function through the API gateway or the public network forwarding or not, is not untraceable, so it is still prudent to infiltrate it.

### A little pit

I don't know if you have ever encountered, cloud function normal on-line but the execution of the command does not show the problem, this is because of the cloud function in the encoding, as well as the problem of post packet parameters. We do profile settings can be done, of course, after a while there will be such an article to explain in detail in the case of not applying the profile only modify the cloud function and API gateway configuration method, partners can pay more attention to, hey not to say where to send.

! [img](. /iamge/t01ef4b589c119db4fc.png)

In addition to the method of cloud function, in fact, directly using the public IP forwarding of the API gateway is more simple, but also really can be online successfully, this article is not expanding, you can study on their own. 

## Postscript

This article is not long, mainly to share some ideas, as the final chapter of the C2 steganography I think it is necessary to issue, in general, for some of the means of steganography, the specific choice of which one or according to our actual application environment to choose. Some conventional SRC mining in fact, the cloud function or domain front can be, but some of the steganographic degree requires a higher degree of the project can use some of the methods mentioned above. In fact, theoretically you can have unlimited sets, but I think two layers are enough, and maybe you will find that even two layers of cloaking configuration is very simple. Yes, I think the more simple the method of stealth as an aid to infiltration, the better, after all, the technology is used to serve people to use more quickly and effectively.
In fact, I always like to go to write such a postscript, because it can be relatively easy to write down some of their own ideas to express to you, which is also what I like to do.
Sometimes the result is not perfect, what we need to do is to learn to accept it and accept such imperfection. This is what Ka said to me, thanks to him~

  **I hope this article has been helpful to you! I wish all my readers the best of luck in their future endeavors! **
